Morty!
Rick?
Hey Morty!
Are you far away or are you inside something?
Is this a camera?
Is everything a camera?
Morty!
The garage, Morty!
Come to the garage!
Morty!
Rick?
Where are you?
On my workbench, Morty.
Are you invisible and you're gonna like fart on me?
Flip the pickle over.
What?
I'm gonna touch it and you're gonna tell me it's an alien dick or something.
Come on, flip the pickle, Morty.
Morty!
I'm gonna flip the pickle, Morty.
You're not gonna regret it.
The payoff is huge.
I turned myself into a pickle, Morty!
Boom!
Big reveal.
I'm a pickle.
What do you think about that?
I turned myself into a pickle!
What are you just staring at me for, bro?
I turned myself into a pickle, Morty.
And?
And.
What more do you want tacked onto this?
I turned myself into a pickle and 9-11 was an inside job.
Was it?
Who cares, Morty?
Global acts of terrorism happen every day.
Here's something that's never happened before.
I'm a pickle!
I'm a pickle, Rick!
Are you going to...
I mean, you know, is this the first part of some kind of magic trick?
I don't do magic, Morty.
I do science.
One takes brains, the other takes dark eyeliner.
Well, can you move?
Can you fly?
Wouldn't be much of a pickle if I could.
Alright, well, do pickles live forever or...?
Morty, stop digging for hidden layers and just be impressed.
I'm a pickle.
I'm just trying to figure out why you would do this, why anyone would do this.
The reason anyone would do this, if they could, which they can't, would be because they could, which they can't.
Morty, we have to get going or we're going to be late.
Where's your grandpa?
Right here, sweetie.
I'm a pickle!
What?
Why would you do...
Look, we're running late.
We have to go.
Where are you guys going?
We have an appointment downtown that was set a week ago and agreed upon by everyone, including you.
Oh, my God, Beth.
Oh, it totally slipped my mind.
Geez, oh, man, I'm a pickle.
I mean, I don't know if I can...
Oh, geez.
Rick, did you do this on purpose to get out of family counseling?
Morty!
It's okay, Beth.
I understand Morty's suspicion.
I've misled him before.
Morty, turn me so we're making eye contact.
Morty, I assure you, I would never find a way to get out of family therapy.
I hope my lack of fingers doesn't prevent the perception of my air quotes.
Can't you just turn yourself back into a human?
Great question, Summer.
The unfortunate answer is I did this to challenge myself, and it could take hours or even days
before I'm able to figure out how to return to human form.
But, I mean, you know, your mom could put me in a purse or a pocket, you know, if she really needs me to go.
Nobody needs anything, okay?
It's fine.
I mean, you should just stay here and figure out how to stop being a pickle, okay?
Hey, Rick, why is there a syringe of mysterious fluid hanging directly over you?
Also, why is the string attached to it running through a pair of scissors attached to a timer?
And why is the timer set to ten minutes from now exactly when we would have left for therapy?
Well, Morty, if you must know, the syringe is completely unrelated to this discussion,
and therefore does not warrant further explanation.
Enough. Kids, it's time to go. We don't want to be late.
What are you doing there, Beth? What are you doing there, sweetie?
Well, I mean, you don't want to get pierced by a needle full of liquid unrelated to your situation.
How's that going to help?
Can't argue with that.
Great. We'll see you later.
Hey, be careful with that. It's for something else.
It's really important, so don't break it.
Okay. I may have fucked up here.
Uh...
Oh, great.
Stupid cat.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I know what it looks like to you, Izzy, but I'm not a snake.
I've seen the YouTube videos.
I know cats are scared of cucumbers and pickles because they think they're snakes.
I'm not a snake.
I'm a pickle! I'm a pickle!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Oh, crap. That sun is bright.
Okay, come on. This can't really be the way I go out.
This is the mega-genius equivalent of dying on the toilet.
So hot.
This is how I'm gonna die.
Oh, God, moisture.
Tile it back, God. Tile it back a little bit here.
Oh, God! Perpendicular! Perpendicular!
Shit!
No!
Come on. That's it.
Come get this delicious brine.
Ah!
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Shh!
Yes!
How is this even family therapy if Dad's not invited and Grandpa won't come?
Yeah, and what's courageous about eating a hot dog?
It's nobody's choice to be here, you knobs.
The family was told to get counseling by your principal,
even though it's not the family that was huffing pottery glaze in the art room
and desk wedding in history class.
Oh, the Smith family minus the dad.
Your patients have Dr. Wong too?
Temporarily, by order of the school.
Me too.
How long have you all been eating poop?
We have never eaten poop.
Me neither.
Say, where did my family get off to?
Smith family, I'm Dr. Wong. Come on in.
I was told there was a grandpa that might be joining us.
He got wrapped up in an experiment.
He's a scientist.
Like, legit, like on an intergalactic sci-fi level, his work is very...
He turned himself into a pickle.
Morty?
Mom's talking. I'm sorry.
I suppose that's a good segue into our little discipline cases here.
Does grandpa turn himself into a pickle a lot?
What? No. What kind of question is that?
The kind that wasn't designed to attack or hurt you in any way.
Oh, Jesus Christ, one of these.
No, my father has never turned himself into a pickle before.
He's unpredictable and eccentric.
The whole family is, speaking of which...
Okay, let's open things up to the whole family and let me ask this.
Why do we think grandpa turned himself into a pickle?
Rattling
Wow!
Hey, listen. I know this is your world, not mine.
The sooner I can get out, the sooner I can go back to taking big crabs,
and you can go back to subsisting on them.
You are one driven rat.
Could you be a little more driven to the right?
Yes, yes, yes!
Come on, come on, come on, fresh, fresh, fresh!
Oh, oh, oh, is this your friend?
Don't worry, he died doing what he loved, being a dumb fucking rat.
Grr!
Oh, yeah!
I didn't say my father is perfect. I said his work is important.
And she's saying what's important is that grandpa lied to you to get out of coming here.
Oh, he did not!
Let's do an experiment here.
I get the impression this family values science.
So raise your hand if you feel certain you know what was in the syringe.
Raise your hand if you know for certain the syringe does not contain anti-pickle serum.
Beth, your hand did a little thing there.
Do you really not see what's happening here?
Tell me.
Wong, by the way, racist name, obviously Morty and Summer are seizing on your arbitrary pickle obsession as an end run around what was supposed to be their therapy.
Oh, I think this pickle incident is a better path than any other to the heart of your family's dysfunction.
I think it's possible that you and your father have a very specific dynamic.
I don't think it's one that rewards emotion or vulnerability.
I think it may punish them.
I think it's possible that dynamic eroded your marriage and is infecting your kids with a tendency to misdirect their feelings.
Fuck you, mom!
Fuck both of you two.
By the way, you might notice that in spite of your numerous distinctive features,
I never gave you a name like Scar or Stripe or Goliath.
That's because to me you aren't special.
You were special to rats. Now they're dead.
I guess it was me you should have impressed.
God damn it, I love myself.
Pickle Rick!
Get that parkour!
Hey, it's cool. Just need to find the nearest exit.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, no need to freak out.
Not O'Shenyep, his opactos dick!
Who in the fuck's toilet is this?
What is it?
A pickle.
A rat.
Both.
It says it's a scientist.
Where is it?
It seems to be using the air ducts and the male tubes to get around.
It's been gathering office supplies, we think, to build weaponry.
But look what it did on the masonry.
It transferred a bottle from the trash to the recycling bin.
Whatever this thing is, it's shaming us.
We have 34 armed guards and we can't kill a pickle.
There are the two armed guards.
He killed two.
It's on the phone.
Put him on and locate the phone he's using.
Hello?
Hi, can you please let me out?
Your mere presence in this building violates international law.
I couldn't let you out even if you hadn't killed two men.
You should know those men killed themselves.
And how is that?
They didn't.
Let me out.
Solenya, shut your mouth and do your jobs, you fucking children!
Is this not a good time or...?
Some of my men are calling you Solenya, the Pickle Man, an old wives' tale.
He crawls from bowls of cold soup to steal the dreams of wasteful children.
That'd be a lucky break for you.
Go shoot to kill!
We got them.
Because this Pickle doesn't care about your children.
And I'm not going to take their dreams.
I'm going to take their parents.
Solenya, he's coming.
It's because I threw halfway my sandwich.
He's just a Pickle.
He's a monster.
He's not the only one.
So you want me to kill him?
You're not going to kill him?
I'm going to kill him.
I'll kill him.
There's no point in killing him.
You can stay dead to the world and